little guys welcome back to my channel
and today's video is gonna be a recipe
video because I love to cook and you
guys probably love food so I'm going to
show you how to cook this food inception
boom so this is a banana bread recipe
that I came up with about five years ago
and since then I tweaked it to make it
vegan but I will make sure to put the
old recipe down in the description for
non vegans as well as the new recipe for
vegans and people who wanna try the
vegan version so if you guys are
interested don't forget to hit that like
button and so I'll subscribe and it stay
tuned to the video alright guys for this
recipe this is everything that you're
going to need first things first you're
going to using three ripe bananas and
you'll know they're ripe when they're
all spotty and then you're going to need
one teaspoon of ground cinnamon you're
going to use half a cup of coconut oil
you need one a teaspoon of baking powder
one teaspoon of baking soda
you're going to use two tablespoons of
flax meal and that's just ground-up flax
seeds you're going to need one teaspoon
of salt you're going to be using one cup
of sugar and I'm using extra fine
granulated sugar then you're going to
need two cups of all-purpose flour I'm
using unbleached and you're going to
need one tablespoon of milk and almond
milk is my favorite so this is what I'm
using but you want to do is you want to
pre-heat your oven to 325 degrees and
then you're going to start making
everything together so I'm using the cup
of sugar putting it into my mixer and
then the 1/2 cup of coconut oil and I'm
just going to mix everything together
until it's thoroughly combined
next we're gonna make our air quotations
eggs so you're gonna just need just a
bunch of water the flax meal just a
little bowl and a tablespoon Cup so
we're gonna do is take your flax meal
put two tablespoons into little Bowl and
one tablespoon equals two one egg for
the Fox meal and for every one
tablespoon of flax meal you're going to
put three tablespoons of water so here I
am adding a total of six tablespoons of
water to the two tablespoons of flax
meal and then I'm just going to mix it
all up and when it's done it counts like
that you guys won't let this sit for
about five minutes and after five
minutes
you mix it up and it literally looks
like egg whites it's pretty crazy not
like look but the texture is like egg
whites you know what I mean and so
you're just gonna pour that right into
your mixer and you're going to mix it up
just for like I don't know ten seconds
or so just so it combines then you're
going to take your bananas and you're
gonna start you don't have to crush them
or anything but just like break them
apart and put them right into the
blender blender oh my god the mixer you
guys I haven't had coffee yet don't mind
me so just put all the bananas in your
mixer and blend it up then you're gonna
take your milk pour it in your cinnamon
pour that in as well and then you're
gonna turn the mixer on and as it's
going you're going to slowly add all of
your flour so I'm just adding like maybe
half a cup and then I add another half a
cup until I get the full two cups into
the mixer and I'm putting on a higher
speed just so it blends a little bit
better then I'm adding my baking soda
and then my baking powder and I see the
salt
so then mix it up one last time real
nice and good you want it to almost look
like cake batter and then I just kind of
clean up the sides and when it's done I
just take a regular I don't know
rectangular pan and I'm taken uh toil
and a napkin and I stick it into the
bottle and I kind of just wipe it right
right all over the pan so that off use
like one of those fake sprays or
anything because they're really bad for
you so don't use that guys then I take
my mixture I put it right into the pan
and after I'm done putting it all in the
pan I had to spread it out so it's nice
and even and this is what it should look
like when you're done putting in the pan
so then you're going to open up your
oven throw that puppy in there and time
wise it's going to vary the way you live
but I always keep it a maximum of one
hour so I just put the timer on for an
hour and five minutes and started and
about 45 minutes later mine is done and
this is how beautiful it is and how it
looks and I'm just letting this cool for
I don't know ten minutes or so and you
can see guys I had 20 minutes left out
of the hour that I set it on the timer
and so this is how it looked it was had
a really nice crispy top and the inside
was really soft and gooey
it was amazing guys and this is how it
is and if you guys are a fat kid like me
you're gonna smear peanut butter all
over this so while it's still warm
sometimes I like to just put a little
peanut butter and just eat it like it
work cake and this is kind of what it
looks like and you guys will see me
digging into this thing because it's
absolutely delicious so thank you guys
for watching thank you guys for tuning
once again and please if you guys like
this recipe don't forget to let me know
in the comments as well as if you try it
because I promise you you're gonna love
it
and I'm gonna keep doing some of these
recipes every now and then so stay tuned
but until that next video guys I will
see you soon Wow
okay let's continue